ObjectGraph
===========

This library is an extraction of an approach I have been using with some success to serialize relatively
large object graphs.

When building systems of disparate, self-contained components, communication between these components
involves a lot of shunting around of data. This data is usually (in the "enterprise"), in a structured format 
like XML. 

This comes with not-insignificant costs in parsing and memory usage.

Additionally, if your serialization strategy evolved over time and involves a mix of hand-written parsers,
DOM-based approaches, and (god forbid), reliance on things like the parsers generated by
"compiling" XSDs into objects, you're going to have a pretty messy and painful to maintain system,
all just to get data from point A to point B.

This library is an attempt to mitigate the downsides to some extent.

Design
------

* We have one model for our data structures that are to be serialized and deserialized, namely, plain old
  C# objects.

* Accordingly, serialization is also decoupled from these objects, the ideal case is being able to serialize
  the same model to multiple outputs.

* When we do any type of serialization, avoid reflection like the plague, and instead, use the tricks from
  Marc Gravell and Jon Skeet's Protocol Buffer implementations - pre-caching of delegates bound to property
  accessor methods. 


Supported Formats
=================

This library supports fast XML serialization and deserialization, using a couple of tricks to make it fast.
If you follow the convention of keeping your model objects simple, and don't use constructs that make
serialization "portability" hard, you can get Google Protocol Buffer support for free using 
[protobuf-net](http://code.google.com/p/protobuf-net).


Examples
========

For examples of usage, please refer to the unit tests.